---
layout: page
title: About Us
date: 2014-11-24 14:04
author: tmencer
comments: true
categories: []
---
[et_pb_section admin_label="section" fullwidth="on" specialty="off"][et_pb_fullwidth_slider admin_label="Fullwidth Slider" show_arrows="off" show_pagination="off" auto="off" parallax="on" parallax_method="off"] [et_pb_slide heading="Welcome to the Lab" background_color="#323232" alignment="center" background_layout="dark" background_image="http://www.cubelabmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/Bottom_texture.jpg"]

Building worlds, telling stories, dreaming big.

[/et_pb_slide] [/et_pb_fullwidth_slider][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section admin_label="section"][et_pb_row admin_label="row"][et_pb_column type="2_3"][et_pb_text admin_label="Text" background_layout="light" text_orientation="left"]
<h2>It all starts with an idea.</h2>
The very crux of what makes CubeLab Media who we are is our projects. What we spend our time on defines who we are as individuals, and we want to insure that what we produce is something we're proud to put our names on.

So, each idea starts as what we call, "A Experiment". We'll write a few lines of code, sketch out something wacky, or spin a story idea. We'll take it into Unity or Blender and flesh it out a bit more, to test the waters.

We'll then put it in our "Lab" and see how it works. Is this something we can take a bit further, or is it finished? At this point we decide if we can build "A Prototype" with it or not.
<h2>From there it grows.</h2>
Whether it's a small idea that gets added to other ideas, or if it's a large idea that builds within itself, the experiment grows. The prototype grows and builds. Often times we'll stop, re-evaluate the direction, and trash the prototype with the expectation that we need to build "The Product".  Using the prototype as a blueprint, we can then start building something that we'll release for consumption.

[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_3"][et_pb_image admin_label="Image" src="http://www.cubelabmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/blueLogo.png" show_in_lightbox="off" url_new_window="off" animation="left" sticky="off"] [/et_pb_image][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row admin_label="row"][et_pb_column type="1_4"][et_pb_blurb admin_label="Blurb" title="Digital Studio" url_new_window="off" use_icon="on" font_icon="" use_circle="on" circle_color="#031c43" use_circle_border="off" circle_border_color="#0d3f90" icon_placement="top" animation="top" background_layout="light" text_orientation="center" icon_color="#ffffff"]

We are an online studio, creating imaginative games and stories.

[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_4"][et_pb_blurb admin_label="Blurb" title="Creative Thinkers" url_new_window="off" use_icon="on" font_icon="" icon_color="#ffffff" use_circle="on" circle_color="#031c43" use_circle_border="off" circle_border_color="#0d3f90" icon_placement="top" animation="top" background_layout="light" text_orientation="center"]

Our goal is to be as creative as we can, not compromising on originality.

[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_4"][et_pb_blurb admin_label="Blurb" title="Working in the Cloud" url_new_window="off" use_icon="on" font_icon="" icon_color="#ffffff" use_circle="on" circle_color="#031c43" use_circle_border="off" circle_border_color="#0d3f90" icon_placement="top" animation="top" background_layout="light" text_orientation="center"]

We work remotely, utilizing tools such as Google Drive, Google Hangout, and Asana to stay on track!

[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_4"][et_pb_blurb admin_label="Blurb" title="Open Source Enthusiasts" url_new_window="off" use_icon="on" font_icon="" icon_color="#ffffff" use_circle="on" circle_color="#031c43" use_circle_border="off" circle_border_color="#0d3f90" icon_placement="top" animation="top" background_layout="light" text_orientation="center"]

We love open source and actively us things like <a href="http://blender.org" target="_blank">Blender</a>, <a href="http://wordpress.org" target="_blank">WordPress</a>, <a href="http://krita.org" target="_blank">Krita</a>, <a href="http://gimp.org" target="_blank">Gimp</a>, <a href="http://Atom.io" target="_blank">Atom.io</a>, <a href="http://inkscape.org" target="_blank">Inkscape </a>and other fantastic software!

[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row admin_label="row"][et_pb_column type="4_4"][et_pb_divider admin_label="Divider" color="#a5a5a5" show_divider="off"] [/et_pb_divider][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row admin_label="row" disabled_on="on|on|on" disabled="on"][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_image admin_label="Image" src="http://www.cubelabmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/taddmencer_cubelabmedia.jpg" show_in_lightbox="off" url_new_window="off" animation="left" sticky="off"] [/et_pb_image][et_pb_text admin_label="Text" background_layout="light" text_orientation="left"]
<h2><b>Tadd Mencer</b></h2>
<h3><b>Lead Creative / Insane Inventor / Co-Founder</b></h3>
<blockquote>Born from the molten lava of a live volcano. His heart beats to the drums of a thousand eager warriors. In the thunder is his voice, commanding his legions. Beware the might of his great arms that lash out like lightning. His army will flood over his enemies like a mighty wave of doom.</blockquote>
Tadd is the idea man. The man behind the keyboard who writes insanely. The story-teller. The artist that fiddles in Blender and tries to make the worlds in his head come forth and display on the screen. He’s happily married to a wonderful, insane woman. He’s also blessed with three wildly, mad boys who create new stories as often as their old man. If not more. He has no robot servants for he knows one day Skynet will take over, and he wants to set a good example now so the robot overlords will put him in a fancy cage.

[/et_pb_text][et_pb_counters admin_label="Bar Counters" background_layout="light" background_color="#dddddd" bar_bg_color="#0d3f90"] [et_pb_counter percent="90"]Photoshop[/et_pb_counter][et_pb_counter percent="75"]Blender[/et_pb_counter][et_pb_counter percent="60"]Unity 3D[/et_pb_counter][et_pb_counter percent="70"]Krita[/et_pb_counter][et_pb_counter percent="42"]Brain Capacity[/et_pb_counter] [/et_pb_counters][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_image admin_label="Image" src="http://www.cubelabmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/jonprice_cubelabmedia.jpg" show_in_lightbox="off" url_new_window="off" animation="left" sticky="off"] [/et_pb_image][et_pb_text admin_label="Text" background_layout="light" text_orientation="left"]
<h2>Jon Price</h2>
<h3><span style="color: #808080;">Lead Developer / Mad Scientist / Co-Founder</span></h3>
<blockquote>As a wee lad he was once lost deep in the woods. As he entered a clearing, the unmistakable sound of hungry wolves filled the air. He was soon surrounded by ravenous beasts. Saliva dripping from sharp teeth. No one knows exactly what transpired next. All they know is the young child was later found with a full set of wolf teeth for a necklace.</blockquote>
Jon Price, co-founder of CubeLab Media and 25 year developer ninja, fell in love with computers from his first TI99/4A. Lead developer for Grand Rapids based Pay It Square at OST by day, game addict by night. When he isn't spending time furiously typing a keyboard into a smoldering pile of melted plastic, you can find him spending time with his wife, two kids, and a Roomba (named Mike).

[/et_pb_text][et_pb_counters admin_label="Bar Counters" background_layout="light" background_color="#dddddd" bar_bg_color="#0d3f90"] [et_pb_counter percent="40"]Photoshop[/et_pb_counter][et_pb_counter percent="60"]Blender[/et_pb_counter][et_pb_counter percent="80"]Unity 3D[/et_pb_counter][et_pb_counter percent="99"]Mad Programming[/et_pb_counter][et_pb_counter percent="40"]Hygiene[/et_pb_counter] [/et_pb_counters][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section admin_label="section" fullwidth="on" specialty="off"][et_pb_fullwidth_slider admin_label="Fullwidth Slider" show_arrows="off" show_pagination="off" auto="off" parallax="off" parallax_method="off"] [et_pb_slide heading="Get In Touch" button_text="Contact Us" button_link="../contact/" background_color="#323232" alignment="center" background_layout="dark"]

So, you've learned about us and now you want to ask us questions? Feel free to get a hold of us and someone who is not an automaton will get back to you!

[/et_pb_slide] [/et_pb_fullwidth_slider][/et_pb_section]
