---
layout: page
title: MARCUS
date: 2014-12-22 12:08
author: tmencer
comments: true
categories: []
---
[et_pb_section fullwidth="on" specialty="off"][et_pb_fullwidth_slider admin_label="Fullwidth Slider" show_arrows="off" show_pagination="off" auto="off" parallax="on" parallax_method="off"][et_pb_slide background_color="#eaeaea" image="http://www.cubelabmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/path3000.png" alignment="center" background_layout="light" heading="Not everything is as it seems." background_image="http://www.cubelabmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/h1ve-wip.jpg"]

The world is cold and bleak. But there a breath of fresh air in the low poly world of Andreas. That is .. until the outside darkness starts to seep in.

[/et_pb_slide][/et_pb_fullwidth_slider][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section fullwidth="off" specialty="off"][et_pb_row][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_text admin_label="Text" background_layout="light" text_orientation="left"]
<h2>Prepare to enter a new world.</h2>
The digital world of Andreas has been taken over by a hostile force calling themselves "The H1ve". Their goal: Launch real nuclear missiles and bring the world to it's knees.

You are the only hope of stopping their legion of viruses, find your way through the low poly world, and get out before everything is destroyed around you.

[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_accordion admin_label="Accordion"][et_pb_accordion_item title="What kind of game is this?"]

MARCUS is an exploratory first person game where you take on the main character, exploring a low-poly world called Andraes, and unraveling clues. It's a story-heavy game, rich with intrigue, imagination, and feels.

[/et_pb_accordion_item][et_pb_accordion_item title="Is this a shooter?"]

No. This game is not a Call of Duty™ style first person shooter. There WILL be fighting in the game, but it's not the focus, only a tool to help tell a story.

[/et_pb_accordion_item][et_pb_accordion_item title="Why make this low poly?"]

A myriad of reasons come to mind as to why we're doing this in a low poly styles.

The main reason is the low poly world is a plot device. It's part of the story and will be used as such.

[/et_pb_accordion_item][et_pb_accordion_item title="How many characters are in this game?"]

Good question. Short answer is at least one. Long answer ... see the short answer.

[/et_pb_accordion_item][/et_pb_accordion][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]
